To-Do and Diary

Terms & Conditions

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. 

You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. 

You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. 

The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to russvkm.

russvkm is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible.

This app doesn't use internate connection.

whatever the data you store in To-Do and Diary 'russvkm' doesn't keep that as it only stored by your phone.

To-Do and Diary doesn't store any data on its server.

It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. 

We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. 

It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that To-Do and Diary app won’t work properly or at all.

You should be aware that there are certain things that russvkm will not take responsibility for any data loss or theft of data from your device because To-Do and Diary doesn't outsource any information.


  Changes to This Terms and Conditions


I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2021-02-07

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at shashankpandey808@gmail.com or russvkm@gmail.com.
